git-count: add page (#5970)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-count.md

# git count

> > Print a commit count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Print the count of all commits.
```

> > Print the total number of all commits.

Reviewer 2: `all` is implicit, no? 😇 
```suggestion
> Print the total number of commits.
```

Reviewer 2: BTW, what are "all commits"? 🤔

Author: It was just an error. using the total beforehand makes the usage seem wrong, thanks for finding it

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-count>.

> - Print a total commit count:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the total commit count:
```

> - Print the total commit count:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the total number of commits:
```

> - Print the total number of commits:

Reviewer 3: What if we use `display`?
```suggestion
- Display the total number of commits:
```

Author: No since it doesn't display, it prints

Author: I'd like to really make the standard that we should use 
Display for when it is an interactive log E.G. a man page
and 
Print for when it is just hard printed E.G. echo 1

Reviewer 3: We don't have an standard but IMO `display` is more friendly to new users. In the other hand, I prefer `print` when the output is a not for humans text, like [starship](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/common/starship.md)

Author: @bl-ue Whats your opinion?

Reviewer 4: I have to reference to @bl-ue's comment [here](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5969#discussion_r632982394). 

> I'm inclined towards standards for everything common such as this, like you, and in the past I've proposed many such trivial normalizations, but now I think it might be better to just suggest differenting wording on a PR-by-PR basis, because—
> 
> - Not everyone associates the same meaning with the same words,
> - If the pages are more identical terms of wording, they seem more machine generated (which isn't what we want),
> - Because contributors themselves might have something to say about the usage of verbs,
> - A word might be more appropriate for one page but less fit for another, and
> - Lots of standards can intimidate contributors and make contribution more cumbersome than it already is.

I think even if we would find the perfect word in this context, a bit of individuality differentiates our pages from man pages or other documentation. Also, display and print basically mean the same. I get what you mean with display being more interactive, but that's just mere interpretation, and someone else might not agree with that.

`git count`

> - Print a total commit count and individuals commit count:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the total commit count and the commit count of each contributor:
```

> - Print the total commit count and the commit count of each contributor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the total number of commits and the number of commits per contributor:
```

> - Print the total number of commits and the number of commits per contributor:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Print the number of commits per contributor and the total number of commits:
```
It's really unsatisfying when the order of the description doesn't match the output 😄

> - Print the total number of commits and the number of commits per contributor:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Display the total number of commits and the number of commits per contributor:
```

Author: No since it doesn't display, it prints
